CSCB58 Project Report: Summer 2019

Team Name: Brian's Boys

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Shree
Last Name: Shah
Student Number: 1005309104
UofT E-mail Address: shree.shah@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Anand 	
Last Name: Karki
Student Number: 1005383531
UofT E-mail Address: anand.karki@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C 
-------------
First Name: Anis 
Last Name: Saha
Student Number: 1005101284	
UofT E-mail Address: anis.saha@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Sahil
Last Name: Hakimi
Student Number:1005262243
UofT E-mail Address:sahil.hakimi@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Brian's Bot


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
	This project is going to be building a robot that moves around a surface. It will have wheels that allow it to move around as well as the 
	DE2 board that is responsible for functionality. We plan to use the distance sensor in order to implement some features.
	As the robot approaches a wall or an obstacle, there will be LED lights that pop up as the distance gets shorter and shorter 
	and starts flashing once the robot is to rotate to avoid the obstacle. We also plan to have the distance set up as to how close
	we want the robot to be to the obstacle before beginning to rotate. 

What is your plan for the first week?
	Figure out how to create wheels functionality for the robot and make sure it moves as expected. Create FSM for robot movement.

What is your plan for the second week?
	Create/find and test distance sensor module and ensure we can set up how close we want the robot to be to an obstacle before attempting to rotate

What is your plan for the third week?
	Adding as many features as we can

What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned?
	If we cannot get the wheels functionality to work, our back up is to create a music creating system. This would work so that 
	we can record some sound, store it, and then add layers to it to create an entire melody.


Weekly Reports
--------------


Week 1: 
	We worked on distance sensor for the automated turning when on obstacle is hit
		running into some trouble with the actual hardware for it 
	Worked on FSM to get the motor running
		again running into hardware issues
		not quite sure whether hardware runs directly or through FSM
	due to above issues might not get to adding speciality features/might switch to backup by tomorrow 
	and work on catching up on a missed week
Week 2:
	-Stuck to original plan
	-Got distance sensor to work (hardware and module)
	-Got motors to work, got the reverse/forward working to move the wheels
	-Have FSM ready just have to debug
	-Have the frame for the DE2 board set up and wheels created

Week 3:
	- FSM finished and connected to distance sensor (turns when distance less than 10cm)
	- frames done and wheels attached
	- most wiring done 
	- need to put motor module into main module
	- have a plan for updated project, maybe a datapath and way to make car write letters


References
----------
- Used distance sensor from another project https://github.com/mohammadmoustafa/CSCB58-Winter-2018-Project
	--> added a module that uses their distance sensor and returns a signal back to the top level module when distance falls below 10cm.



Repo & Video
------------
https://github.com/shreeshah1/CSCB58Project
